Assignment 1:

	1) Write a program to display first n prime numbers
	2) Write a program to convert USD2INR and INR2USD
	3) Write a program to implement basic calculator
	4) Write a program to list a number divisible by n between n1 and n2 range

Assignement 2: 

	1) Write a program to validate rollno using String 
	2) Write a program to validate email address 
	3) Write a program to validate GTU enrollno
	4) Write a program to sort an array elements in desceding order
	
	extra : 
	Anagram,
	ContentExtractor
	SpellChecker

Assignement 3: 

	1) Describe abstract class called Shape which has three subclasses say 
	    Triangle,Rectangle,Circle. Define one method area() in the abstract class and
	    override this area() in these three subclasses to calculate area for specific object.
	2) Write a program that illustrates interface inheritance. Interface P is extended by P1 and P2.
	   Interface P12 inherits from both P1 and P2.Each interface declares one constant and one method. 
	  class Q implements P12.Instantiate Q and invoke each of its methods. Each method displays one of the constants 
	3) Write a program to create interface and declare one mehtod interest(p,r,n)
	 then create two class SimpleInterest and CompoundInterest and calculate simple and compound interest.
	4) Write a program to implement push and pop operation using stack class


Assignment 4: 

1) Write a program to do matrix multiplication (3*3)

Assignment 5:
Implement Library Management System. Create 3 packages com.lib.model,com.lib.view and com.lib.controller. 
Implement proper classes within each package. LMS has below features
1) Reader can issue book
2) Reader can return book
3) Reader can check book balance

Assignment 6:
1) Create ArrayList mover. In which selected element of one list moved to another.
i.e. 

subject	 selectedsubject
Java        
DAA
Maths-I
EME
Database

Lets move Java and DAA to selected subject

subject	 	selectedsubject
Maths-I		Java
EME		DAA
Database
2) You are having a PhoneBook that consists of name and their phone number, for each entry, query for phone number of a person.


Assignment 7:
1) Create PrettyPrinter in nonpremtive manner using Thread.
2) Create Producter Consumer problem using Inter Thread Communications.

Assignment 8:
1. Write a program to count number of files, directory from Present Working Directory.
2. Write a program to export book data in CSV format.
3. Implement fileCopy and fileMove operations of binary files.

Assignment 9: 
1) Implement a utility to get system IP address, and system name using network class.
2) Implement a utility to get content from input url.